Docs: A few README updates (#73)
xmtp/xmtp-flutter: README.md

# xmtp-flutter

![Test](https://github.com/xmtp/xmtp-flutter/actions/workflows/test.yml/badge.svg) ![Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/Project_Status-Production-31CA54)

`xmtp-flutter` provides a Dart implementation of an XMTP message API client for use with Flutter apps.

Use `xmtp-flutter` to build with XMTP to send messages between blockchain accounts, including DMs, notifications, announcements, and more.

To keep up with the latest SDK developments, see the [Issues tab](https://github.com/xmtp/xmtp-flutter/issues) in this repo.

To learn more about XMTP and get answers to frequently asked questions, see the [XMTP documentation](https://xmtp.org/docs).

![x-red-sm](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/510695/163488403-1fb37e86-c673-4b48-954e-8460ae4d4b05.png)

## Quickstart app built wtih `xmtp-flutter`

> Use the [XMTP Flutter quickstart app](https://github.com/xmtp/xmtp-quickstart-react) as a tool to start building an app with XMTP. This basic messaging app has an intentionally unopinionated UI to help make it easier for you to build with.

Reviewer: I don't think this is right? (looks like copy-paste from react doc but flutter should still point at the flutter example app).

Author: My apologies - thank you for catching this, @dmccartney - fix committed!

> Use the [XMTP Flutter quickstart app](https://github.com/xmtp/xmtp-quickstart-react) as a tool to start building an app with XMTP. This basic messaging app has an intentionally unopinionated UI to help make it easier for you to build with.

Author: ```suggestion
Use the [XMTP Flutter quickstart app](https://github.com/xmtp/xmtp-flutter/tree/main/example) as a tool to start building an app with XMTP. This basic messaging app has an intentionally unopinionated UI to help make it easier for you to build with.
```
